c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.deps.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.dll
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.pdb
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.dll
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Library\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.pdb
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.deps.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.dll
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.pdb
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.dll
c:\Users\estudiante.fit\Documents\Ejercicio P2\Program\src\Program\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Program.pdb
